# YouTube Transcript: Chris Walker

| Field | Value |
|---|---|
| Video ID | _kSkVZxwtW0 |
| URL | https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kSkVZxwtW0 |
| Word count | 9535 |

---

## Transcript

[Music] Chris, excited to have you here. Yeah, it's a kind of a collision of worlds. I was looking for the right framing. I mean, you're LinkedIn social, I'm SEO content. Obviously, you're much bigger planet, I'd say, than than my planet. But always good to kind of bring different approaches together. And we're we both use the studio, so I figured why not use the excuse to chop it up in person. Hell yeah, man. And I uh I uh haven't done an in-person interview, it feels like, in at least a year. So, it's like good. And I feel like the energy at the in person is just so much better. Um so much different. So, I think that yeah, I'm excited to see uh where it goes. And then just a point like um the the size of the sphere doesn't matter at all. It's like you're exactly where you're supposed to be. I'm exactly where I supposed to be. And then everyone's got their own stuff like when my sphere was the biggest I was actually the least happy. Um and so uh there's like uh yeah there's like uh I don't know uh what I've learned is just focusing on yourself and like especially not comparing yourself to others. Have you heard of the book uh the courage to be disliked? I've heard of it. I haven't read that one. I recommend that one. I read it recently and it's and it's a little bit of a clickbait thing, but it's I mean the short version is exactly what you said is like got to get away from that comparison and it's of course I led with that in the podcast. So always a work in progress. Always always, dude. Same for everyone. So, when I was prepping for this, I saw I was, of course, checking out your LinkedIn and seeing what what you'd been talking about recently, and something I noticed is you surprisingly hadn't been publish publishing for a month, at least when I was doing this research last week. So, curious, yeah, what what impacted that? Were you on vacation, something else, or what's happened? Yeah, this was the uh the for the podcast. We had enough podcast episodes queued up. So, the podcast continued as normal, a normal publishing schedule, but I was uh away. I took uh my longest vacation that I have in my life and my definitely in my professional career. Um and I went to uh Sydney, Australia, the Great Barrier Reef, Queenstown, New Zealand, Auckland, and then Fiji and was gone for uh almost a month. um and doing uh some exploration exploration self-reflection but a big part of it was a test um and that test was um can I leave my businesses and can my businesses sustain run grow without me um and can do the how much do the leaders of those companies because I've delegated manag responsibility for all my businesses. How often do those people need me or need my guidance or something like that? Um, and before when I was like in the thick of it and running my business, I could take a 5day vacation and I would come back and I would be stressed and have a million meetings on my calendar and feel underwater and have to dig myself out. And this is I know this resonates with a lot of people that are listening to this. And and it's like at some point it was like, do I even want to just take this vacation? It's going to suck when I get back. Um, and this time I took the most time, almost four times longer than I ever have. And I come back and I feel ahead. I feel like I didn't do a lot of stuff, but I got a lot of stuff done. I feel like uh the people that are in charge of my companies, my companies are in a great place, my customers, the people that work there. Um and uh the whole rationale for for this um was that uh about two months ago I was uh it's not like thinking it's more like inviting thoughts to me and the the thought that came to me was freedom. Mh. Um, and as I've thought more about the the idea of freedom and what it means to me, I have learned that there's actually 10 types of freedom for me. Um, and I'm sure that with some thinking that people could find other ones and that's fine. But for entrepreneurs, I think most people think there's one type of freedom. It's called financial freedom. Um, and uh, I know a lot of people and I coach and interact with a lot of people that make $100,000 a month or even a million dollars a month or the number actually doesn't matter and they don't feel free at all. Yeah, for sure. Um, and I remember saying to myself, um, as I was growing growing my business to a very large business and before I put my business partner in charge and she's been doing an amazing job, but before that, I remember saying I felt the most free when I was doing 40K a month with one employee. Um, and uh, I think a lot of people are like, "Yeah, easy for you to say, bro. Like you have a bunch of businesses. They all do well. They kick off profit." like and yeah, I'm proud of my accomplishments, but I'm also sharing for people that were in my shoes 5 years ago to to not make the same mistakes and chase the wrong things that I did. It led to a lot of pain, a lot of dissatisfaction, a lot of tough times that, uh, I think that most people could avoid. Um and so uh that whole and then it's also like sort of a transition period for me right now as I um shift away from my like core focus on like B2B marketing and sales and growth. And I'm uh way more focused now on helping highlevel people unlock their potential, find the superpowers that exist inside of them, find the peace and bliss that I've been able to find for myself. for them to stop doubting themselves and listen to what they already know about what they need to do to get into those states. I feel like a lot of people and how I felt um like get a little trapped like I I've my I felt trapped in 2022 and and and 20 parts of 2021 and parts of 2023 in my own business. I like grew this big machine that I'm super proud of and a lot of people got did a lot of great things and meanwhile I feel like I'm in a jail because I make a lot of money and I don't have any time freedom. I don't have any social freedom. I have very little relationship freedom. I have very little creative freedom. I feel misaligned with my purpose and mission. Right? Like there's and I could go on for the whole list if we want to break that down. But um that was the the long- winded answer of this this trip for me, which was a a really important trip for my life. Yeah. I uh I'm going to be the book recommend. I swear this will maybe this will be the last book I recommend on this. Um or or I recently read, have you heard of the five types of wealth from Sahil Bloom? Uh I actually saw that recently and yeah, his five on wealth are on my list. Um cuz it's interesting cuz I just thought about them independently but two minds will wind up in the same place. But I actually have five other ones that fit into the list. Oh, really? Yeah. So his are time, social, mental, physical, and just actual wealth or financial wealth, I'm guessing, is is the last one. Yeah. I just finished the book. I mean, I think the most valuable thing from it was just what you exactly said is like we na I think a lot of societal framing leads us to financial wealth. Mhm. And then we forget about all the other things realizing that a lot of time is balance across the five and in your case 10. So what are the five that are not on his list? I don't remember his exactly so I'll I'll just say my the 10 that I've come to. So uh so time freedom I can do whatever I want whenever I want. I don't I'm never on someone else's time. Y um social freedom. I only share time, space, and energy with people that I want. Mhm. Um makes sense. So if you have to go to an office and there's people there that you don't want to spend time with, you don't have full social freedom. If you have to do, you know, go on Zooms with clients that are bad clients and you don't want to share time with them, that's also not a thing. If you have to if you don't have enough money, so you have to go to hotels, restaurants, and interact with people that you don't want to interact with, you don't have full social freedom. Um the next one is uh creative freedom. Okay. Um having the freedom to uh explore and be creative around the things that interest you. Um and so I've had times where I have a lot of creative freedom and at times where I don't, but I think that is an outlet. Uh financial freedom, everybody knows that one. Um I think that my learning on that one is that uh you need a lot less money than you think to be financially free. Yeah. Um you uh location freedom. So I can uh I can be wherever I want at any time. So having to work in San Francisco cuz that's where the office is, you don't have location freedom. Um having to put in a PTO request to take time off, you don't have location freedom. Being an entrepreneur like me and not being able to take time off because your business is so relying on you to keep running and going, like that's not location freedom. Yeah. uh purpose and mission freedom. So having the ability to one understand why you're here and two be able to pursue that mission without distraction is a type of freedom. Uh relationship freedom meaning that my relationship in relationships I have no uh I have no attachment to outcomes. I have no dependence on relationships. I love all the relationships that I have. But I know that if relationships don't serve me and my energy that I can fully walk away from them at any time. Okay. Uh health freedom that I have the health to be able to do all the things that I want to do. Like some people are 400 lb and can't fly on an airplane anymore. Um some people like want to Yeah. And then they can't fly on an airplane so they can't go see their daughter or something like that. Um there then there's that's an extreme example but there's a lot of other levels of health freedom. Yeah. For sure. Um spiritual freedom. So uh and I look at that uh people think spiritual is woowoo woo and I maybe I want to think of a different term for this but it's like uh knowing that everything that you need is already inside of you and trusting yourself and not doubting yourself. Makes sense. Um and then lastly mental freedom. Um so having the freedom to uh understand your mental state, understand that your thoughts and beliefs control your reality and how you experience the world. being able to uh free yourself from thoughts and ideas that no longer serve you and not being stuck in in those. So those are the 10 10 types of freedom. It's interesting that there I don't know there's like a like some byproduct of the environment we're at somehow that like created this uh I don't know. Yeah. More emphasis around this idea. I mean it's great that you're pushing on it. So Hill's pushing on it. It's a uh it's a a key time in human evolution. Yeah. So, you've been you were publishing a lot of you. Yeah. You took some time off. You're going this direction. So, are we are we still going to see you publishing on LinkedIn or like what's your new Yeah, LinkedIn LinkedIn I'll be publishing. Um uh but for a long time, I spent a lot of time trying to teach people what to do. Um, and now I'm going to spend a lot more time helping them understand that they already know what to do. Okay, interesting. Um, and so that like a lot of people uh like let's look at an example, right? So someone comes to my live event, right? And they're asking about how do I get people in my company to like buy into this idea, right? Like I have this idea and about what we're going to do for marketing or sales or product or whatever. And but nobody in my nobody on the leadership team in my company is listening to me and they're like, "So, how do I convince these people to do it, right?" And the real answer is that you need to go work with people that are aligned with you, not me tell you that you need how to convince people to do something. And so the resistance that you feel of these people aren't uh listening to my ideas is actually just a subtle hint for you to know that you're not in the right place. It's the wrong question. It's actually the wrong question. And so, and so searching outside for an answer about how to fix this resistance instead of looking at it and saying, "This resistance is here for a reason. It's telling me that I shouldn't be working at this company and that the people that I'm working with aren't aligned to the way that I think." and having the confidence and clarity and trusting that you are a capable person that a lot of people would be lucky to have you work at their company that you could start your own company if you wanted to and be able to detach yourself from that and say there's a misalignment here it's not working for me anymore I'm going to go somewhere else um and I think that a lot of people know that that's what they need to do and they have historically come to me for answers about how to fix the situation instead of how to remove themselves from the situation And I uh I no longer want to be an enabler for people to continue to stay in situations that aren't right for them. from a agency owner dynamic or I mean now you have man managing partners it seems like in each each agency you have there's a natural dynamic of we have that but at scale of like customer selection you have like customers come in and there's some where like you have that exact instinct about them but there's also the impression of oh I got to keep food on the table in some ways for my team so maybe I should take this on that'll help them in some ways is um I don't know exactly where I'm going with this, but how do how do you how would you think about that in terms of client selection in the in the same way I uh I advise a lot of like it doesn't have to be about my business let's say another agency that's doing 200k a month right and they have like whatever 5 10 employees and the owner is like uh uh I don't the only freedom I have is financial freedom I get all this profit but then I have to spend half my time with all these clients I have no creative freedom I can't write anymore on LinkedIn so I'm in all these meetings and when I'm out of the meetings I feel drained cuz I'm with all these bad clients. Uh, and I'm like, "So, what do you need to do?" And they already know the answer. The answer is, "I need to get rid of these clients and go down to 120K a month instead of 200k a month, and then I'll get all my energy and freedom back." And I they know exactly which clients they are, and different things like that. And then what they say is, "But I just want to hold on to these clients for another two to three months so that the the the better clients will show up and then I'll be able to get rid of them." And I'm like, "That's not how it works." Um, you you actually need to release the bad energy and the negative things before the good ones will come to you. Um, and so and having the the validation like I'm just a validation at that point. I'm like, "What do you need to do?" and they know and they tell me and then I say, "Yeah, just listen to yourself." And then from there, it's also figuring out what is the process, right? You don't have to say 10 clients, forget all of you on day one, but start with the worst one, the one that sucks the most of your energy. Go and do that one tomorrow and then see how it feels, see what happens, and then methodically work your way through it. Um, and so, uh, the it's about recognizing that freedom isn't all about money. like when you really when you really break it down. Um and then also there's like fear around it, right? If I like let go of these eight clients, I might have to let one person go on my team. Right. Right. And then and there's a fear around that. And trust me, I have uh I have let go of whether it's being fired or with layoffs or things like that like maybe over 50 maybe a hundred people in total in my career. Um, and what and I was so scared and felt so much shame and guilt around having to do that for the first time. And then just recently, like 3 months ago, I had a meeting with one of the people that I had to let go. He was my one of my video producers. And when he was laid off, he was about to have his second child. He like didn't know what to to do. And what happened? He started a video production agency that now has 20 employees. He's never been happier had more successful. He turns to me and says, "You doing that for for me was the best thing that ever happened to me when I got laid off from my job or I got fire, I guess, asked to resign, fired, whatever you want to call it. That was what powered me to start my company." And so, it's like instead of I I I do understand the idea of feeling shame or guilt for having to let somebody go, but also trying to understand that when you like release the person you're letting go is probably the person that's least aligned with your business. and being able to release them to go and do something greater that aligns with their purpose I think is something that um I you can you mutually beneficial um and so and if you when you as you don't do that and you don't listen to yourself you continuously further and further doubt yourself and lock yourself in a jail as an owner. Um, yeah. Yeah, makes sense. That's great. I mean, you the condition there that's most problematic is the first thing we talked about is our societal connection to financial wealth in a lot of ways. Like what Sahill's point in the book is you talk to most people that have money and they will no matter where they are in the wealth scale, they'll always say, "I'll feel happy when I get two times as much." I've been there. Yeah, I've been there. And then you're just on a hamster wheel or a rat race that never ends. Yes. So I mean I and it's because you don't you you you say the the feeling for me was I'm not good enough or the the deep-seated belief, right? And so I'm not good enough until right I have 100,000 followers. I'm not good enough until my business does 1 million. And then when you get to 1 million, you still don't feel good enough. And say, "Oh, okay. Well, I was wrong. Now it'll have to be 5 million." And now I'll feel good enough when I get to 5 million. All of a sudden you're at 20 million and you still don't feel good enough. at the 30 million growing and you and you realize, wow, I'm playing the wrong game here. Yeah. Yeah. So, I I mean, how I think what you're It sounds like you're doing some coaching in this side of thing. That's super helpful. What is the mo how do people break that condition? I mean, I I would guess coaching is a great place to do it. But are there any other tips for people to kind of break out of that hamster race? Um yeah, self-awareness. Yeah. When I say like uh like coaching just for clarity like I don't like make money as a coach. Uh so like I have uh businesses that I own majority share and I coach guide the people that managing partners that run them. I have businesses where I have a minority share and when those people have are working on things I guide and coach them and help them. Um I do free live events where people come and ask me questions and I coach in that way. Okay. Yeah. Um, and it's really interesting because through all that level of coaching, it actually helps me discover a lot more about myself. Um, so I find it's almost like people are like, "Thank you so much for helping me." And I'm like, "Thank you so much for helping me." Um, yeah, I can see that. Yeah. And so, uh, um, I'm I'm literally doing this for myself talking right now. Not that I'm helping. Yeah. Yeah. And so, how do we get people to break out of the the financial part of it? Yeah. Yeah. Um, I mean, I feel like the hardest part of the equation necessarily from our I mean I I've walked through that same lens of like terrible clients, should I fire them? That kind of thing. Yeah. Problematic. Yeah. And then it's like, no, I'll just hold on to them for I know they're going to churn, but we'll wait three to six more months. We can try to wait for another one is so we don't have to fire Suzie or Jimmy. Right. Yeah. Um and so, uh I think like the uh the biggest most impactful thing that's for me, um has been a journaling routine that reprogram helps me identify what are the thoughts and beliefs that are holding me back or not serving me anymore. Where did they come from? They definitely didn't come from me. They were put in me from some way. and then how do I systematically and methodically replace them with something that's more empowering belief based on the future and reality that I want to live. Um, and you can't just remove limiting beliefs or conditioning that don't serve you that you can't just get rid of it. You have to replace it with something new. There's a good process for that. So, like one example recently is like um uh from somebody else, this isn't from me, but someone that I've been helping, like uh I don't want my business to be 200K. I want it to only be 80K cuz then I'll be I'll be I'll be more free. And then so the underlying thought is if I make more money, I'll be less free or or if I make more money, I'll have more responsibility or whatever the the underlying pattern is. And so if you can recognize, okay, that's the thought and then you can say actually like I can make twice as much money and have twice as much freedom or what, however you want to like rewrite it, you can rewrite that and then let reality just follow what you believe. It's like if you look, a business is just a mirror of the energy, thoughts, and beliefs of the owner or the person that runs the business. That's all it is. It's just a reflection of that. Um I literally have had that exact same probably every agency owner has like oh I wish I was 20 30 people now because I would have freedom or what I haven't thankfully had that recently because I got I think I got out of that a little bit but I probably went through that trough as many agency owners do. Yeah. of like being smaller is is easier, right? And uh like less people. It's really the thoughts that are creating that situation, right? Um yeah, there's other ones like uh I need to suffer to be successful that I've gone through many other people go through. So, it's just about like, oh, when things are hard or things aren't working, we just got to grind and we just got to 14 hours a day and, you know, push through the bad clients and if we just post more on LinkedIn and we just do more stuff, then we'll like get through it, right? Um, and all you're doing is literally just ignoring a major hint of like something is wrong here. Like, when you feel resistance with a client, it's for a reason. It's like this client isn't meant for us. When you feel resistance with an employee or your business partner or a relationship that you have a friendship, it's like this is a hint, right? It doesn't mean that you have to cut that person out of your life right away, but you have to listen to the hint and say something is off here. Let me let me know what I need to do to correct it. And the crazy thing is that you already know. You just ignore it and suppress it. Yeah, there's a very healthy lesson there of uh I definitely I've had that same identity crisis of like never wanting to do a layoff. we've done like one significant layoff in the time time siege has been around which is 12 years now. Um, but the thought process that very often within those contexts of layoffs, you're and maybe I'm going too deep on this, but when you do let there's no such thing as too deep, but when you you're often the people that end up like disconnecting from the business are those people that are probably not in the right role for them in a lot of ways and you're doing a mutually beneficial thing to make that separation. It's very rarely that person's fault. It's more a a role disconnect problem. They feel just as misaligned as as uh the business is, right? And they need permission. I mean, obviously that's yeah, the equating layoff to permission is a little harsh, but um yeah, there is some positive things hypothetically that can come out of those situations. I've never experienced, and I'm sure someone will be like, "Hey, Chris, like you're wrong. Here's this one. Here's a situation that I know about this person." But personally, I have never experienced a situation where like a person that had that happen to them that was part of my company didn't have something better happen for them in the next 6 months. Yeah. And if you lead with grace, you give them appropriate severance and obviously help them out and find other jobs. I mean, and then over time, like as as entrepreneurs and business leaders, like like we will learn how to run businesses and hire and like choose clients and scale and grow businesses where that never needs to happen, right? Yeah. True. And so, and it's not like just us down here, right? Like Stripe, Meta, like all of X, you could look at all of them. All of the businesses around tech and things like that had to do the same thing. It was like a business reset, a reset for how entrepreneurs build businesses. Many people out there still haven't learned their lesson. They're just like playing the same game that they were before and they can play that game. But there are many people that learn the lessons that will build meaningful, impactful, freedom, freedom generating businesses. Yeah. Um a whole different uh paradigm for how entrepreneurs run. You don't need venture capital. There's there's 1 to 5% of businesses in the entire world that should raise venture capital, but it's almost the inverse. 95% of founders think that they'll never be successful if they don't raise venture capital. I'm really trying to change that mindset right now. The world is so much different than it was in 2012. For sure. I can build you can build a software product in 48 hours. Like lovable, Versal, there's plenty of them. um and like not need, you know, $2 million in dev and 24 months of runway to get your MVP off the ground. Um, and I think that pe as more and more entrepreneurs recognize this, more and more people that are a $250,000 salaried salesperson or $150,000 marketing director or whatever will leave the company that they work for and build their own $500,000 to a million dollar business more easily and with one or two or five employees and be way more happy. and and that level of uh like fragmentation in the in the market is already happening. It's undeniable um and will be uh will be good for for the people that choose it. Yeah. It's interesting that you remind me of two things that kind of inversed freedom uh in some ways. I mean, one for agency owners in particular, I had a I don't know if you were ever at this stage, but there was more of a personal like ego association with how many employees you had for a point. Like, oh, I have a 100 because that's very externally obvious and you don't have to say your revenue necessarily. I think now with AI that's that it's almost like it's the opposite. It's the opposite. You're not doing things well. Exactly. That's great for No, but people would ask, "Oh, how in 2021 the number one question, it wasn't how much revenue you're doing, it's how many people work for you, right?" Yeah. Um and uh and yeah, I think uh VC the same way VC Exactly. And it's uh and yeah, the paradigm has completely shifted where it's like most people, not most people, that's wrong. Like uh smart people that I interact with are now trying to to build a $10 million business with 10 people, right? instead of a $10 million business with 200 people, which would be the VC objective like a couple of years back. Um, and so that overall switch creates much more profitable businesses, uh, much more capable aligned talent. Risk of layoffs go almost gets completely eliminated. How you grow and scale them can change completely because you don't have this pressure of, oh, I need to get this client so I can pay for Jimmy's salary next week. Um, yeah, and that whole uh, yeah, I totally agree with that. I think everyone is everyone especially in tech um and the and the like high valuation VC world felt that and then all of the ecosystem around it. So like the agencies that serve it and the Yeah. Yeah. And thankfully Yeah. It's kind of unwritten but does give us as agency owners permission to like build a company that makes us happy more more easily. Yeah. And I remember in uh like 2020, I was like talking to some tech guy that had raised $50 million as a CEO or something like that. And I'm telling about my agency and how it's growing, how we have like whatever nine people and do 2 million in revenue or something like that. Um and he's like, "Oh, so uh you just got yourself a lifestyle business and like almost like talking down around it." Um, and uh, and now it's like, no, your business should be the vehicle for you to live the life that you want. Like, it's almost the complete inverse. Like, while you raise 50 million bucks and probably don't clear that for investor returns and spend all this time making literally a salary and no money and being someone else's employee, like there's a bunch of other ways that you can build a business, right? Um, that and so I Yeah, I just think that I mean, for me at least, it was tying my not feeling good enough. So tying my self-worth in um my business performance and then my like social media success um and then shifting that from once you can remove that block and say like I'm good enough like and really believe it. It's not as simple as it sounds let me tell you um that then you have this realization of oh like now I now I know the life that I want to live I know what and so I can just design my business can be a vehicle to me to live the exact life that I want. And when you live in that alignment, your employees are happier, your business partners are happier, your customers are happier. Um, you attract, you repel bad clients and bad employees, you attract and magnetize great clients and great employees. Um, it's a really, uh, powerful state of being nice cycle. Yeah. Yeah. I feel horrible trying to change gears off of this. I don't know how we're going to do. This is a content and SEO podcast, content marketing podcast after all. Um, are you down to talk some like tactical marketing things or is this where your mind space? We'll see where it goes. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, maybe something kind of connected that I imagine you experienced and maybe this was part of it is like uh I mean I'm relatively similar to you in a in a variant way where I do a lot a lot of the marketing for Siege personally. Something that comes up a lot, not a lot, but it comes up was like the questions I get from potential clients are what about the like is there another part of the team I should talk to? Am I getting handed off to junior people? I'd like to meet those people. Like, have you experienced that objection? How do you deal with that? Um, yeah. So, I had to uh learn this lesson being like uh I don't think that I got out of client work in my first agency until we were over 35 or 40 people. So, I'm like still like being the main lead on like three two three big customers with 35 employees. Yeah. Um, and then like how can you like run and grow your business and think about how to allocate resources and make proper decisions and when like that there's that level like inst there's no delegation almost at that level. Um and I think it's also about recognizing as the founder and the entrepreneur what is the right place for me right so for me I always thought oh I own majority share of this agency I guess that means that I have to be the CEO um and in reality a better a better spot for me probably would have been founder and having and having a CEO Joo at winning by design runs the same thing um where then yeah if I want to work with a couple clients I can work with them if I want to like take meetings with teams, I can do that. If I like want to do my podcast that like it fits all of my if and then I'm like the power of the innovation, but all the day-to-day operations and the fires, someone else does that. Um, and so I think that detach that detachment can be helpful for people. And yeah, you might be the the agency owner that's like, I'm going to be the CEO and scale this thing to 100 million. Awesome. Do that. The key is to know to cuz I told myself that, too. And it was it was like misaligned with my skill set and identity, right? Um and so knowing like really understanding yourself and like where where that fits for you um leads to a lot of power in in the business. Um and then how you get out of like the client work like is once you learn the lesson now one of my new companies has three employees and um I'm out of it already. Nice. Yeah. So like I much better at it. Yeah. So now now I am uh the owner, right? Um and there's even more. It's not like I'm the CEO that doesn't do client work. I'm the owner that guides a managing partner who helps with people that does client work. Um and so over time understanding and some people love it like I for a long time loved the tinkering from zero to a million whether it's an agency or a software product or a BTOC product it didn't matter. Um and then over time realizing that you can get a lot of leverage and a lot of freedom by um guiding and inspiring capable identifying capable people, inspiring them, guiding them to to deliver on uh you know their potential and their vision. Like I get a lot more satisfaction out of that right now. I also get a bunch more freedom. Um and that's that's a that's a position that's earned like Yeah. Um, but over time like I I theoretically earned that position two or three years ago. Um, and uh, I guess just wasn't ready to step into it. Yeah, it's interesting. It's that almost seems like another thematic thing that continues to get louder and you're you're hopefully this will further help that of like the the power to delegate to people like that is now a sexy thing to do. Um, and it's a good thing. Uh I think there are more managing partners. I mean I think of t the tiny founder I forget his name but you might know he is. Um but kind of that Warren Buffett model of like owning several properties and kind of delegating appropriately. I feel like it's getting more prominent. Yeah. At least socially. Yeah. Like a personal uh personal holdings company. The way you could look at it. Either whether it's structured like a holding company or not is irrelevant. But the the mechanism of how it works is like somebody has equity in a bunch of different businesses that all run independently with separate owners and operations. And there might be some overlap in customers or IP or other things, but they're all self- sustaining entities that can be sold individually. Um, and I think that, yeah, there's a lot of people that whether they're like buying seven laundromats or seven agencies or um a mix of a bunch of things or some people do it with ecom um like yeah, I think that that uh can be a really good vehicle. Another thing that I've learned um or just sort of found is that like usually when you like when I started my first my first bit like true I had two before that that were just soloreneurship but then my first true business that scaled with employees like I on paper like people would be like bro you can't do this you're not ready like look at your resume you've only you've been a a marketing manager and a director of marketing what do you know like um and what I found is I've started to hire and uh and bring people in is that people that on paper seem not ready but you know that they are are much higher probability of success than the proven executive. Yeah, makes sense. It's like it's a it's a it's it's wild. Um even in those kind of managing partner roles. Even in the managing partner roles. Okay. H yeah. Um, and uh I'm like uh totally done with like putting a job description out and interviewing people. Like not because of my role, but like not my companies won't do it either. Um Oh, interesting. That the like the best people that I've hired I've either it's either been one of two ways. The top like top 10 for sure. It's probably more than that. um where it's either I I'm like I have to hire this person like I just have a knowing of it and then I like follow it like that's how I hired my business partner Megan Bowen who run is the CEO of Refine Labs right now. Um, and there's been other instances of that or more often they come to you with there's no job description and they say, "Hey, I love what you're doing and I want to be a part of it." And I usually at that time it's like weird that you that the perfect role for them is like sitting there. Those people are not motivated by money. They're not coming in with a ton of demands about how much money they make. Obviously, they need to make a living, right? So, it's not like they're like, "I'll do it for free." but they're not coming in like an experienced executive saying, "We I need to make $450,000 year one for your company that doesn't even do $450 in revenue." Um, so they're they're willing because they see the opportunity, they see the growth and they're aligned. Um, and it's just really interesting how they like come to you. There's like some like I believe there's an energetic pull. So, this real recently just happened to me. Maybe this I could see it happening for you because you do so much LinkedIn content. You're probably like natively thinking about an idea. you're communicating it to the world and that leads into sort of what the next thing you're working on connectively and then that's maybe how the role exists that literally just happened for I was like narrating a strategy shift and then we had a role open I was like oh this person's perfect yeah but that maybe not always but I could see that happening sometimes yeah but yeah in general like there's uh there's fake delegation which I've done many times trust me I've done many times which is like here you own this and then when the fans all of it falls back on me right right like when things are going good all good when it's the fan it all falls back on me that's fake delegation and then you have real delegation which is here you go and when things are going good things are going great and when things aren't going good I I'll coach you but it's yours right and being comfortable as the delegator that when things go wrong you're not going to go in there and firefight Right. That's actually the decision that you need to make. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. When I hand off one of my businesses and the business goes from 80k a month to 65k a month in the first two months like and it's going it's going down. Are you going to rush back in there and try to fix it or are you going to let the people do what they need to do, right? Um and so it's purely the responsibility of the delegator to to draw that line and be comfortable with the line. Makes sense. Yeah. Well, this is great. I want to make sure I get some kind of tactical content question in there. your you obviously uh do amazing LinkedIn content. So I was like pattern matching some of your old content, not or recent content. It was like what does Chris do beyond just being smart about B2B marketing? Something I generally noticed is you were leading in that hook area with the ICP like you're mentioning CEOs and CFOs or is al or $50 million SA we pattern matched successful companies and this $50 million SAS did this. Mhm. I was curious if that was like deliberate or otherwise if this is the wrong question beyond Chris what do you share there yeah what are kind of framework you use uh it's that uh people don't appreciate the differences in stage and so on LinkedIn it was some one of the reasons why I do not consume content on LinkedIn and I actually generally like feel at times repelled from consuming content on the platform is because it's generalized advice case that should not be generalized. Um, and so it's like there's a major difference between what you would recommend to a $1 million CEO, a $15 million CEO, a $50 million CEO, and it's way different when you get above 100, and it's way different when you get above 250, and it's way different when 500, two, a billion. And it's like, no, just build your podcast. And it's like, here you go for everybody. Um, and so the the the the point of that for me is to demonstrate expertise and to create clarity around this is the right thing for these people. And I think as a it's a it's a responsibility as a as an evolved like experienced content creator to be a lot more direct around who is this for? And I think because most people chase likes and comments, they want it to be general. They want everybody to think that this advice applies to everybody so they can get more likes. And I've detached from likes and comments years ago. Um, and I'm way more focused on uh sharing my perspective and helping people. And I and so um yeah, that's the reason that's the reason that I do that. Yeah. I I mean, you just spoke to the fact that you're out of client work, so maybe this is not the the best question, but you probably at least have ideas that you shared or at Refine Labs or what have you, but how that passes through to recommendations for other B2B or companies? Like what does that look like framework-wise? Are you saying the same things? I mean, it would make sense intuitively to me, get very specific, but yeah, what other kind of like framework type recommendations do you make if that makes sense? uh like you're you're you're you're giving client I mean every client has a different solution I'm guessing but they see you do a lot of LinkedIn content and then naturally you have to teach your team to do some things I'm sure just having senior people helps customize that but there probably some kind of consistent strategies or ways you do things that may help make clients more performative if that makes sense. Yeah. So, what are I don't know if there's a few of those today that could be worth sharing if that makes sense. Yeah. So, uh like for my like my first agency like basically people follow I do client work with seven employees and people follow me around and read like uncover all the things that you're doing and document them and process and automize them and then other people own them and keep building it. Like the big the the biggest realization for a founder is that there's a lot of people that can do each individual thing better than you. Or if they can just do it 80% as good as you and you want to feel like you can do it better than everybody which I no longer believe. Like even if they just do it 80% as better as you, that's how you actually build a business and that's how you actually create freedom and clients will accept 80%. Yeah. Um and so and then ongoing like at this point for that business like I've I've released like management responsibility like two years ago, right? So my business partner has been running that and working with the team and innovating on the product and that's that's been going for a long time. Um and for my newest one, like my new one, um basically what I found is my what's my job is my job is to get to the point where I can where I can build a clear sequenced 3 to 5 year vision and plan that someone else can then execute. And so it doesn't it maybe that happened in my first business when there was 13 people and my next business when there's three people and the number of employees doesn't matter but once that thing has been set then I can know who can do it and then I put someone else in charge to do it that's become like way more that's been a learning for me doing this a couple times I I got out of my first agency way too got out being that I promoted someone to run the day-to-day operations and delegated way too late. Okay. Yeah, makes sense. So you're act So it's as simple as like they're actually learning from you and building processes off you. You're not even kind of directing them what process to build. Is that what I'm hearing? Uh yeah, that's how it's worked. That's how it's worked for me. It doesn't have to work that way for everybody, right? So if you're a founder and you're like not that like marketing savvy, you could have your co-founder that does that, right? You could have some employee that's your paid media expert and someone follows them around so that they have the paid media processes that everyone else can follow. Yeah. So you you've had some controversial takes on SEO in the past on on LinkedIn. We're an SEO shop. Uh yeah, maybe you're not even are you still actively involved in PTO? Is you're not saying that's your I have a man I have ownership interest and I have a managing partner that runs it. Yeah. Yeah. If I'm understanding it correctly, you you're advising companies on their G go to market strategy. Is that fair to say? Quite a bit. Yeah. But it's like quite a bit more broad than like whether you do SEO or paid. Okay. So maybe I'm not it's not really marketing advice anymore. Yeah. Um but I'm happy to talk about SEO. Yeah. Oh, I'm curious what your current perception is. So let me just let's just talk about it as a user. Okay. So like I I'm a user of a search engine, right? and I want to like like I'm thinking about traveling to Bali at some point, right? So, I'm trying to figure out information about Bali. So, I go to Google search and I search, you know, good things to know about Bali, best times to go to Bali, things like that. And I look at the results and it's like cumbersome and there's a bunch of click on links and it's like mostly travel ads and I go to chat GPT and I say, "Tell me all the best things about going to Bali." And it literally knows me and it gives me the best answers and like why would I ever go to a search engine ever again? And like that's I go to YouTube, watch videos. It depends what you want to learn. Um, but if you see where it is and where it's going, uh, as and I'm just speaking as my own personal experience as a user. This is not business advice for anybody. Um, but for me as a user, like I never want to use, uh, search engine again. Like I think that they're outdated. I think the link the how they rank things and how you have to find the right information takes way too long. Um, it has no context of who you are as a person. Um and uh so just that right and then if you look back like 3 or 5 years when I was actively talking about you know some of the the drawbacks that I saw in like a pure SEO strategy which is that you just have to wait for someone to realize they know you and then come and look for you and like why wouldn't you also supplement that with targeted advertising that goes out and gets the people that you want and pulls them in so they are more likely to search for you or your product your category earlier in the in the process. Um, and so I think just a a one-dimensional SEO strategy, unless you're in like an even less, it's like even if you are in a category like running shoes, like if you're just in an SEO strategy and running shoes, you're just in a race to the bottom of as a a commodity. I feel like um so it maybe like as a more refined, mature way to say it is like cuz a lot of companies would just run an SEO strategy. I agree. That would be that would be and it's like or SEO and trade shows, right? And it's like what are you doing? Um, so I think that there like three or five years ago there was room for an SEO strategy, but it shouldn't be the only thing. And now I think that like uh I wouldn't be surprised like SEO is changing like we we it has and I and it's really like uh understanding how search plays across all platforms not just Google and I think a lot of people have been super invested in Google and I think that Google is uh is losing the I would rather search on Tik Tok. I'd rather search on Instagram. I'd rather search on ChatgBT before I go to Google and YouTube too. Yeah, that's fair. I mean, we'll see. I I think they could integrate that kind of personalization that Chat GBT does relatively easily. We'll see if that comes that I think that would be super helpful. Make I'm sure make their ads even more robust and powerful. I mean, there's some element of location personalization, but but not really. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And like uh you know, best hotels in X or you know, best restaurants in Y like best restaurants in Y. I use Open Table now, right? best hotels in X like I usually use Chashy BT um or Expedia. There's like a bunch of niche specialized search engines or AI that are able to to fill specific searches with much better data and and reviews in particular. Um so yeah, I just think broadly that the the search space has been vulnerable for years. Um and it's really coming on now. Go ahead. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a for SEOs listening. I mean, it's a diversification play now. Like there's always going to be room for how we're optimizing each of those things you say. Um it's just a matter of how big is that Google pie going to be? It's always that's always been portfolio allocation across a marketing budget. For sure. All right, Chris, this is great. Uh yeah, we went off target a little bit, but uh a lot to think about. Um so I appreciate you coming on. Let's let's do this again. Awesome. Thanks for having me, Ross. Good to do one in person, too. Of course. Thanks, man. Heat. Heat. [Music]